# What Dragon Nest character are you?
#### Video Demo:  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1A6lsBUShjs-7fWYUpXVrqghMrzBohboe/view?usp=sharing
#### Description:
Technology used:
    Javascript
    CSS
    HTML
    Python
    sqlite3
    other small libraries or packages

It’s been a practice of mine to build a project based on a game I really enjoyed. This helps me enjoy working on the project and ensure that I am well motivated. I have been doing this since college. My first static website was a small wiki site for my favorite class in Dragon Nest which is the assassin. After graduating i also use this kind of concept in creating a much more responsive and user friendly version made in Sitecore 9.0. But this time i want to help future player because I remember having a hard time choosing a class when I first started playing the game.With this I hope to help other future players deciding what class they should try when first starting the game. This may not be the class they will stick with but this may help exploring the game I love. The concept was built upon the idea that a lot of players don’t know what class to pick. Dragon Nest is a free-to-play fantasy MMORPG developed by Eyedentity Games and currently available in different regions and languages. Aside from boasting a non-targeting combat and skill system within instance dungeons, Dragon Nest also revolves around a rich story which is told in different points of view depending on the player's chosen class. The project is inspired from “buzzfeed quizzes” that determines your character/personality by making the user answer simple questions.
The questions are multiple choice questions. The answer will determine what your base class will be e.g. Warrior, Archer, Sorceress, Cleric, etc… After selecting your base class you can answer a few more questions to determine what will be your final job/class. Each base class has 4 final class except for Lancea. Every time you choose to select a final class the system save the result and show it in the index page. It is group by the final classes so you can check how many people has the same result of the personality test with you. I used a python dictionary to list every question with the corresponding answers and the classes that has that personality. I also made a dictionary list for the description of each base class, and advance class for the easy access and reusable page for the base and final class. Since i used a dictionary list for the question to shorten my code I made a list for the "name" of each questions. I used for loop for every questions and also a loop to get every answer as it is easier because I have a list of "question name". I made everything reusable as I can be. Every image, description, questions is being passed from the app.py to the page itself. I also created a layout for the Header so other page can use it and only the "main" part can be change with the base class page and advance class page. This resulted in every page not exceeding 70 lines of code.

